Remove --experimetal-versions flag from Asset Worker uploads (#7790)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/unlucky-apes-fix.md

---
"@cloudflare/workers-shared": patch
---

> fix: remove --experimental-versions flag from Worker uploads now that Wrangler has removed the flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: remove `--experimental-versions` flag from the Asset/Router Workers `deploy` scripts, now that Wrangler has removed the flag.
```
